{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh16500\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Footmarks SDK Change Log:\
\
\'97 Footmarks SDK_V4_0_6 (3/10/15):\
\
* Access Token Expiration bug fixed.\
\
* Scanning now resumes as expected after logout.\
\
\'97 Footmarks SDK_V4_0_5 (3/2/15):\
\
* Fixed an experience delivery bug within the SDK.\
\
\'97 Footmarks SDK_V4_0_4 (2/27/15):\
\
* Fix the issue with iOS 7.0 support.\
\
\'97 Footmarks SDK_V4_0_3 (2/24/15):\
\
* Bug fixes.\
\
\'97 Footmarks SDK_V4_0_2 (2/23/15):\
\
* Added a method to the FMAccount class:\
  - (void) application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions;\
\
\'97 Footmarks SDK_V4_0_1 (2/22/15):\
\
* Added two more delegates to the FMBeaconMangerDelegate protocol\
\pard\tx626\pardeftab626\pardirnatural
\cf0   - (void)beaconManagerDidStartScanningForBeacons:(FMBeaconManager *)manager\
  - (void)beaconManagerDidStopScanningForBeacons:(FMBeaconManager *)manager\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\'97 Footmarks SDK_V4_0_0 (2/18/15):\
\
* This version make it easier to integrate into an application.  All that needs to be done in code is set the AppDelegate to conform to the necessary protocols, create the required methods for the protocols, call FMAccount useSmartProfilesInApplication: in AppDelegate didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:, and lastly, start scanning for beacons.  Please read documentation for further details.\
\
* When calling startScanningForFMBeaconsWithError:, the framework will save that state and will remember it, even when the app terminates, until stopScanningForFMBeaconsWithError: is called.\
\
* For the FMBeaconManager class, the following is deprecated:\
  - startScanningForFMBeacons. Instead use startScanningForFMBeaconsWithError:(NSError **)error;\
  - stopScanningForFMBeacons. Instead use stopScanningForFMBeaconsWithError:(NSError **)error;\
\
* For FMBeaconManagerDelegate, changed the deprecated method bluetoothTurnedOff: to be Optional.\
\
* Header file change to Footmarks_SDK.h\
\
* Able to build for iOS 6 and above. If building an app for iOS 6 and above, must set the following inside the project. After adding/linking the require Core Location framework to the project, set the status from \'91require\'92 to \'91
\b optional
\b0 \'92. Otherwise, the app may crash.\
Also please note, Footmarks SDK is use for iOS 7.0 and above. Please check which version of iOS before calling any of the SDK functions.\
	\
* Added 
\f1 FMBeaconManager
\f0  delegate method 
\f1 bluetoothDidSwitchState()
\f0 . This method should now be used in place of the old delegate method 
\f1 bluetoothTurnedOff()
\f0 . You can now check the state returned by 
\f1 bluetoothDidSwitchState
\f0  and compare it to 
\f1 CBCentralManagerStatePoweredOff
\f0 . If the state is equal to this, an alert should be presented to the user requesting that they enable Bluetooth on their device.\
\
* All FMBeaconManager delegate methods now properly perform a respondsToSelector() prior to invoking the delegate.  \
\
* All properties and methods have now been documented in the SDK\'92s header file.\
\
* Increased background scanning performance.
\f2\fs22 \
}